may 20, 2023
    sometimes i feel like my art does not live to my expectations, 
    that this creative desire of mine just keeps deviating from what
    i wanted, 

june 23, 2023
    everything is so insanely stressful, i dont even know what to do anymore
    i feel as if i lack something, or as if my blood was turning into molasses
    i dont need this anymore, i want to scream.

june 30, 2023
    I have been feeling better lately, things have got better for me, vacations
    started already and I got to learn a lot of new things in regards to this new
    project, it feels great to be able to just make something now

july 4, 2023
    Happy independence day, 'mericans!

    I have been feeling okay, but I haven't done much in a long time, I got MacOS
    builds to "work" and I have been considering to get Flatpak builds too, and I
    found out about a disgusting problem in my renderer.

    Apparently, my fucking blur, was bringing performance from 60fps to 30fps on
    an EMM-ONE MAC.

    HOW.

JULY 28, 2023
    I've been doing a lot of stuff lately, just got back to school the past week

    I have been learning more about rendering stuff, i still have a lot to do
    I wonder if the CRT aesthetic still fits, and I've been wondering if to make
    something like a first person exploration game set in the indoors

    I am a bit afraid.

AUGS 3, 2023
    i've 

AUGS 31, 2023
    Came back to the project, life has been crazy lately, I barely remember how 
    any of this works....

SEPT 17, 2023
    if moral is absolutely relative, does it mean that psychopaths are true heroes?
    a hero, in my eyes, is a person who firmly believes in something and does something
    to protect that idea of good, a person who does something for the sake of "good".

    are psychopaths true heroes then?

    in the end, we're all just a bunch of small systems operating as a bigger organism, 
    everyone's trapped in their own world because of the inherent properties of experiencing,
    we're all heroes of this world, pushing things forwards into a direction.

    Hitler was his own hero, I am scared.

    i am fine.

???? ??, ???3
    i'm reading all of this, i'm so creeped out.
    please, hold my hands, and tell me that the gap in my head is closing out eventually,
    please.